# Empirical Study on Mutant Selection Metrics

## Paper Background

The background of the paper is selective mutation testing, which was proposed to
choose a subset of mutants to represent the whole set of mutants, and has been widely used in almost every application. The paper compared between two widely used measurement metrics(i.e., adequate-test-based metric
and non-adequate-test-based metric) and reveal various interesting findings. 

## Orgnization of the Homepage
The homepage contains four main parts. From this readme.md file, we hope you can understand the organization of the homepage as well as know how to use and replicate the results.

###Metric Plots
This folder contains the plots used in the paper in pdf form. Trends and lines can be seen more clearly shown by big pictures.

###important experiment result

some more middle results have been uploaded to the folder importantExperimentResult. More data about the paper can be found here. <br>
Take subfolder Pitest104Projects for example, [final]TableIV.csv contains the correlation value of correlation values between y~f(x).<br>
M1Full.csv contains metric A and all the independent variable values for each proportion of each project. <br>

### Code

The experiment is coded using python and R. Most of the source code is available at code folder.<br>
Python code can be found under directory code/pythonCode and R codes are under code/rCode.<br>
Below is a brief introduction to the most important code files. Also, more detailed usage of each code can be found as comment of the program
and we hope those explaination will be of great help if you want to know more about the detail of our experiment.<br> 

#### SMT.py

Should be run before other codes. Shoulders the responsibility to run selective mutation testing and output raw metric one and metric two values.<br>

#### calM2X.R

e.g. CalM2Kendall.R.<br>
This script is used to calculate the metric value X(Such as kendall tau-b) used by later steps.

#### generateAMetricFull.py/ generateBMetricFull.py

Used when you have the metric values generated by calM2X.R. After running one of these scripts, you can get a matrix contain metric values and all the independent variable values.<br>
An example of the output of this script can be found at importantExperimentResult/Pitest104Projects/M1Full.csv 

#### GetTableIVX.R

e.g. GetTableIVKendall.R<br>
Using csv files generated by the above-mentioned scripts and output the correlation value between y and f(x) for every proportion of each project.

#### finalTable.py

Should be run after we got all the correaltion matrix.(i.e. AMetric, BMetricRS, BMetricKendall, BMetricSpearman)<br>
This is the final step of generating Table4 in the paper. You will get a [final]TableIV.csv after running.
